.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH FATRAT 1 "August 26, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
fatrat \- download/upload manager for Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fatrat
.RI [ options ]
.RI [ links
\&...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B fatrat
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBfatrat\fP is an open source graphical download/upload manager
written in C++ and built on top of the Trolltech Qt 4 library.
.SH OPTIONS
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-force
Run the program even if an instance already exists.
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-hidden
Hide the GUI at startup (works only if the tray icon exists).
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-nogui
Start with no GUI at all. Useful for running as a daemon.
.PP
If started in the GUI mode, you may pass
.I links
as arguments and they will be presented to the user.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
All bugs should be reported at <http://fatrat.dolezel.info/bugs>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2006 - 2008 Lubos Dolezel. Licensed under the GNU
General Public License v2 <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html>
.PP
Third party copyrights are described in the 3RDPARTIES.txt
file distributed along with this program.
.SH SEE ALSO
This program is documented fully in the included HTML documentation,
which is also available online.
.SH AUTHOR
.B fatrat
was written by Lubos Dolezel <lubos@dolezel.info>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Lubos Dolezel <lubos@dolezel.info>.
